`azurerm_cognitive_account`  data resource update - including new attributes (#30778)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/d/cognitive_account.html.markdown

The following attributes are exported:

> * `custom_question_answering_search_service_id` - The ID of the search service. This is only available when the `kind` is `TextAnalytics`.

Reviewer: `id` is a Common Azure field and is always exported, so it should always be the first field in the attributes section. Data source documentation should never explain the field, that should be done in the resource documentation, here we should just explain what the field is. So, we need to update `custom_question_answering_search_service_id` description to remove the explanation.
```suggestion
* `id` - The ID of the Cognitive Services Account. 

* `custom_question_answering_search_service_id` - The ID of the search service.
```

Author: Updated

* `custom_subdomain_name` - The subdomain name used for Entra ID token-based authentication.

* `customer_managed_key` - A `customer_managed_key` block as defined below.

* `dynamic_throttling_enabled` - Whether dynamic throttling is enabled for this Cognitive Services Account.

* `endpoint` - The endpoint of the Cognitive Services Account.

* `fqdns` - List of FQDNs allowed for the Cognitive Services Account.

* `identity` - A `identity` block as defined below.

* `kind` - The type of the Cognitive Services Account.

* `local_auth_enabled` - Whether local authentication methods are enabled for the Cognitive Services Account.

* `location` - The Azure location where the Cognitive Services Account exists.

> * `metrics_advisor_aad_client_id` - The Microsoft Entra Application (client) ID. This is only available when the kind is `MetricsAdvisor`.

Author: Updated

* `metrics_advisor_aad_tenant_id` - The Microsoft Entra Tenant ID. This is only available when the kind is `MetricsAdvisor`.

> * `metrics_advisor_super_user_name` - The super user of Metrics Advisor. This is only available when the kind is `MetricsAdvisor`.

Reviewer: Again here:
```suggestion
* `metrics_advisor_super_user_name` - The super user of Metrics Advisor.
```

* `metrics_advisor_super_user_name` - The super user of Metrics Advisor.

* `metrics_advisor_website_name` - The website name of Metrics Advisor.

* `network_acls` -  A `network_acls` block as defined below.

* `network_injection` -  A `network_injection` block as defined below.

* `outbound_network_access_restricted` - Whether outbound network access is restricted for the Cognitive Services Account.

* `project_management_enabled` -  Whether project management is enabled.

* `public_network_access_enabled` - Whether public network access is allowed for the Cognitive Services Account.

> * `qna_runtime_endpoint` - The link to the QNA runtime. This is only available when the `kind` is `QnAMaker`.

Author: Updated

* `storage` - A `storage` block as defined below.

* `primary_access_key` - The primary access key of the Cognitive Services Account.

* `secondary_access_key` - The secondary access key of the Cognitive Services Account.

> -> **Note:** The `primary_access_key` and `secondary_access_key` properties are only available when `local_auth_enabled` is `true`.

Reviewer: The note should also be removed:
```suggestion

```

Author: Updated

* `tags` - A mapping of tags to assigned to the resource.

---

A `customer_managed_key` block exports the following:

> * `key_vault_key_id` - The ID of the Key Vault Key which is used to Encrypt the data in this Cognitive Services Account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `key_vault_key_id` - The ID of the Key Vault Key which is used to encrypt the data in this Cognitive Services Account.
```

Author: Updated

* `identity_client_id` - The Client ID of the User Assigned Identity that has access to the key.

---

An `identity` block exports the following:

* `type` - The type of Managed Service Identity that is configured on this Cognitive Services Account.

* `principal_id` - The Principal ID of the System Assigned Managed Service Identity that is configured on this Cognitive Services Account.

* `tenant_id` - The Tenant ID of the System Assigned Managed Service Identity that is configured on this Cognitive Services Account.

* `identity_ids` - The list of User Assigned Managed Identity IDs assigned to this Cognitive Services Account.

---

A `network_acls` block exports the following:

> * `bypass` - Whether to allow trusted Azure Services to access the service.

Author: updated

* `default_action` - The Default Action to use when no rules match from `ip_rules` / `virtual_network_rules`.

> * `ip_rules` - One or more IP Addresses, or CIDR Blocks to be able to access the Cognitive Services Account.

Author: updated

* `virtual_network_rules` - A `virtual_network_rules` block as defined below.

---

A `network_injection` block exports the following:

> * `scenario` - The feature that network injection applied to. The only possible value is `agent`.

Author: Fixed

* `bypass` - Whether to allow trusted Azure Services to access the service.

-> **Note:** `bypass` can only be set when `kind` is set to `OpenAI`, `AIServices`, or `TextAnalytics`.

* `default_action` - The Default Action to use when no rules match from `ip_rules` / `virtual_network_rules`.

* `ip_rules` - One or more IP Addresses, or CIDR Blocks to be able to access the Cognitive Services Account.

* `virtual_network_rules` - A `virtual_network_rules` block as defined below.

---

A `network_injection` block exports the following:

* `scenario` - The feature that network injection applied to. The only possible value is `agent`.

* `subnet_id` - The ID of the subnet which the Agent Client is injected into.

---

A `virtual_network_rules` block exports the following:

* `subnet_id` - The ID of the subnet which is able to access this Cognitive Services Account.

* `ignore_missing_vnet_service_endpoint` - Whether missing vnet service endpoint is ignored or not.

---

A `storage` block exports the following:

* `storage_account_id` - Full resource id of a Microsoft.Storage resource.

* `identity_client_id` - The client ID of the managed identity associated with the storage resource.

> ~> **Note:** Not all `kind` support a `storage` block. For example the `kind` `OpenAI` does not support it.

Author: Fixed

-> **Note:** The `primary_access_key` and `secondary_access_key` properties are only available when `local_auth_enabled` is `true`.

* `tags` - A mapping of tags to assigned to the resource.

---

A `customer_managed_key` block exports the following:

* `key_vault_key_id` - The ID of the Key Vault Key which is used to Encrypt the data in this Cognitive Services Account.

* `identity_client_id` - The Client ID of the User Assigned Identity that has access to the key.

---

An `identity` block exports the following:

* `type` - The type of Managed Service Identity that is configured on this Cognitive Services Account.

* `principal_id` - The Principal ID of the System Assigned Managed Service Identity that is configured on this Cognitive Services Account.

* `tenant_id` - The Tenant ID of the System Assigned Managed Service Identity that is configured on this Cognitive Services Account.

* `identity_ids` - The list of User Assigned Managed Identity IDs assigned to this Cognitive Services Account.

---

A `network_acls` block exports the following:

* `bypass` - Whether to allow trusted Azure Services to access the service.

> -> **Note:** `bypass` can only be set when `kind` is set to `OpenAI`, `AIServices`, or `TextAnalytics`.

Reviewer 3: This can be removed for data source
```suggestion

```

* `default_action` - The Default Action to use when no rules match from `ip_rules` / `virtual_network_rules`.

* `ip_rules` - One or more IP Addresses, or CIDR Blocks to be able to access the Cognitive Services Account.

* `virtual_network_rules` - A `virtual_network_rules` block as defined below.

---

A `network_injection` block exports the following:

* `scenario` - The feature that network injection applied to. The only possible value is `agent`.

* `subnet_id` - The ID of the subnet which the Agent Client is injected into.

---

A `virtual_network_rules` block exports the following:

* `subnet_id` - The ID of the subnet which is able to access this Cognitive Services Account.

* `ignore_missing_vnet_service_endpoint` - Whether missing vnet service endpoint is ignored or not.

---

A `storage` block exports the following:

> * `storage_account_id` - Full resource id of a Microsoft.Storage resource.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* `storage_account_id` - The ID of the Storage Account resource associated to this Cognitive Services Account.
```
